Released on January 23, 2017 
----------------------------
Note: This is the first entry to the CHANGELOG

1. Fixed boundary condition bugs in mode solver (the problem only manifested if the
permittivity and permeability were uniform across the entire simulation domain and
thus likely did not affect most if any actual simulations.)

2. Changed how PMLs are set. Now, PML is not passed to the constructor of the FDFD
object. Instead, it defaults to a half wavelength everywhere and can be set using the
w_pml property. e.g.

     sim = FDFD_TE(W,H,dx,dy,wlen) 
     sim.w_pml = [1, 1, 1, 1]

3. Introduced ability to change boundary conditions in FDFD_TE and FDFD_TM. This is
accomplished using the "bc" property. The bc property is a 2 character string which
specifies the boundary condition along the x and y directions in the simulation
region. The default value is '00' which corresponds to perfect electrical conductors
on all four edges. The boundary conditions that are currently implemented are

     0 - "perfect electric conductor" : the boundaries of the simulation perfectly
     conduct electrical current.

     M - "perfect Magnetic conductor" : the boundaries of the simulation perfectly
     conduct magnetic current (magnetic monopoles). In most cases, this likely be
     used explicitly by the user.  
     
     E - "Electric field symmetry": the electric field is mirrored across the
     bottom boundary of the simulation domain (y=0).
     
     H - "Magnetic field symmetry": the magnetic field is mirrored across the
     bottom boundary of the simulation domain (y=0). 
     
     P - "Periodic"

Furthermore, in the future, Bloch periodic boundary conditions (B) will be
implemented.

In addition to choosing the desired boundary conditions, the PML widths must be
changed accordingly. For example, if you choose your boundary condition to be '0E'
(PEC on left and right boundaries, E symmetry on bottom boundary, and PEC on top
boundary), then you must be also careful to set the bottom PML width to be 0.0. EMOpt
will throw a warning if you do not do this, so keep an eye out.

Important note: some testing has been done to verify the different boundary
conditions work as intended, however this testing is not exhaustive. 

Examples demonstrating the new boundary conditions can be found in
examples/simple_waveguide/ and examples/periodic_Mie

4. These same boundary conditions have been implemented in the 1D mode solver. The
boundary condition for the mode solver is specified (in most cases) with a length-1
string (i.e. '0', 'M', 'E', 'H', or 'P'). These boundary conditions are designed to
be compatible with the FDFD solver's boundary conditions. In particular, if you
choose E-field symmetry ('E'), for example, the result modes will have an electric
field which is mirrored across the bottom (y=0) boundary. 

5. Fixed bug in source power calculation which occurs when zero-width PMLs are used.
